# Esign
Predicting the likwlyhood of esigning of loan based on financial history

Our model has given us an accuracy of 63.06%. With this, we have an algorithm that can help predict whether or not a user will complete the E-signing step of the loan application. One way to leverage this model is to target those predicted to not reach the e-sign phase with customized on boarding. This means that when the lead arrives from the p2p, they may receive a different on boarding experience based on how likely they are to finish the general on boarding process. This can help the company minimize the number of people that may drop off from the funnel. This funnel of screens is as effective as the company, build it. Therefore, user drop-off in this funnel falls entirely on our shoulders. So, with new on boarding screens built intentionally to lead users to finalize the loans application, we can attempt to covert more than 40% of the applicants predicted to not finish the process to complete the e-sign step. If we can do this, then we can drastically increase profits. Many lending companies provide hundreds of loans every day, gaining money for each one. As a result, if we can increase the number of loan takers, we can increase the profits. All with a simple model! 

The algorithms used for this model were Logistic Regression, SVM, Decision Tree Classifier, and Random Forest. The method of preparation and selection of features is one of the biggest aspects for the success of this model. The Random Forest which yielded the best results was optimized even further using k-fold validation and grid search method and thereafter the best parameters were selected.
 
